Hi,

I'm very interested in the position. You can find my resume at https://joegallo.nyc/.

Best,
Joe

I don’t do diners. Diners are a mediocre waste of time.

Please understand my existence.
I can't be poor and I can't be rich. I'm just this mediocre middle class piece of shit.
circular dependency between icloud and 1password (dear god)

What if reincarnation was like an infinity symbol with life and death at the center
and the loops got shorter and shorter with each iteration so that you reincarnated
as something with a shorter lifespan a la telomere shortening, so it was in your
best interest to make the world a better place hopefully to make your future lives
better/longer.

Dominus Rex
Indominus Rex
Rabinus Rex

Dear FBI Director,

I know you're busy fighting crime but personally I think this is a top priority. Someone has left a stale bread on my garden hose. (No this is
not a euphemism for terrible sex). I've included said piece of stale bread for DNA analysis. If you would be so kind as to test it and write
back as soon as you can, that would be great. Feel free to disregard this letter if the DNA results come back showing it belongs
to a seagull as I think we both can agree they're assholes and this kind of behavior can be expected from them.

Sincerely,
Joe

movie plot:
We need to get to the bottom of this lizard people problem. I need you agents to infiltrate mental health hospitals across the country
and see what you can dig up.

interview assignment
====
two parts

1) build
grab json from a url you have control over
load it into a collection view
specify layout specs that would require overriding collection view layout methods (minimumInter...)
tapping into collection view shows very basic detail view

2) debug
change some of the code they submit
change some of the json returned by the url

key things to mention on giving the assignment (controversial)
  "Treat this as the beginning of a large project as opposed to a one-off assignment."

company/startup thoughts
====
our attention spans are so short these days we might want to rethink the way we launch websites/products
examples
    zynga games
    pokemon go
    draw something

mind over matter until your mind doesn't matter

deception in reporting
man crys after jeter hits a home run

cop: What are you doing?
me: I'm hunting for schizophrenics.
(cop looks in the back of the car, sees a butterfly net and a backpack containing a carton of cigarettes)

It's difficult to have a sincere conversation when there's money involved.

Your fuck you will never be greater than my self-inflicted one.

Young man of [whatever non-American descent] talking to a friend/relative commenting on how they want to become a doctor and help people.
Explosion goes off revealing a drone has killed his family.
(nonchalantly/disappointedly) "Welp, guess I'm dedicating the rest of my life to revenge...."

the whole "things are not as they seem"
smelling like weed, cop smells car while driving
"I don't smoke"
"Uh huh, and I'm Chester Copperpot."
"You didn't get very far."

Random story to fill in for my lack of interesting photos and overall terrible profile:

One day I'm hanging out in my apartment (2nd floor, facing the street) and I hear my landlord outside talking to someone. I'm watching a movie with the lights off and as I walk into my bedroom I see she's talking to two cops and one of them suddenly says they see movement in the apartment. They then enter the building and at this point I know some stupid shit is about to go down. Sure enough they knock on my door yelling "Police, open up!" I open up the door to two cops, guns drawn in my general direction, and all I can think of to say is "Hey, what's up?" to which the cops' reaction is a sigh of relief that they don't have to shoot someone and a "Jesus Christ, Barbara, you said no one was home." Turns out my landlord heard reports of someone trying to break into the building, knocked on every apartment earlier in the day and I wasn't home so when they saw me moving around in the dark they assumed I was breaking into my own place. My one Alex Honnold moment.

person who opens hatch door after a flight getting ptsd, discussing in therapy session

bottle plane air when they open the door after a flight and sell it
  label the bottles as wine: United Airlines Flight 22 (12/10/2007) "this one is a United Airlines 2007 747"

scantily clad male video game character ("He breathes through his skin, using photosynthesis to absorb air.")

"Please No Butt Sex In The Yurt" sign

"how about a bone session in the ol' ossuary?"

re: real estate brokers
The worst part about finding an apartment is having to deal with fucking retards like yourself.
You make up to thirty thousand a month. You should be a little more competent than this.

"Alright, who keeps putting 'Inside ISIS' in the erotic fiction section?"

porn film names
====
Fermat's Last Orgasm

uber porno: Pooling with Peaches

All that shit about bushido is made up. The samurai were about as honorable as thugs.

Everything the light touches is our kingdom. It's winter solstice.

"How many people have you caught trying to catch pokemon?" ::Looks in cellar and proceeds to count the small nerdy looking asian kids:: "Uh, about 10."

dramatically sad rendition of Chip 'n Dale Rescue Rangers theme song in Penn Station

"The empire has no need for scientists."

They're enthusiastically violating their marriage vows.

You could just spam people with dirty wire transfers since the people don't need to accept and then the FBI would be pissed.

a peripatetic self-induced agnotologist

accidental/inadvertent philanthropy

interesting words/phrases
====
compassion porn
frisson d'etre
miasmatist
[captain] nightsoil
pela cara

most common name combo: Mohammed Wang

driving across time zone
====
(sees time zone sign: EST to CST)
Jim, I'm about to travel back in time. I'll call you back.

amusing names
====
Manly Forest City
Anita Corning
Chief Dull Knife College
Cape Disappointment
Truth or Consequences
C'mon Inn
Mormon Island

usernames
====
awkwardly_nonchalant
erotically_flatulent
abrupt_kisser
the_midnight_butler
suck_my_simulacra
a_lot_of_alots
the_mean_somniloquist
CountDuqu

rando
===
momentum is important
montana: beauty rich, money poor
HN action/reaction bullshit: I disagree with your opinion because of my opinion.
If I had to pick a state in which x, I'd go with y. (I'd have to recruit from: Ohio)
I think you personally should have a say in what women can and cannot do with their vaginas.

Traveling around the US, I've seen enough ass stains to know that upholstered furniture in a hotel room is a bad idea.

motel 6: If you're looking for a place to fuck rather than a place to get a decent night's sleep.

kid: Nine ten a big fat hen. (kid only knows part of the song)
grandpa: That's it? That's how it ends?
kid: <affirmation>
grandpa: Jeez, talk about a cliffhanger.

Friend asks about mentos [in car]
What's up with the mentos?
That's for when I do something either really cool or really stupid.

There better be some epic scenic shit in here.

I like to go to the supermarket and yell at the white bread.

Your car's been blessed by the holy spirit.
Your car's ben graced by the presence of god.
I farted in your car.
