
the goal is to discard as many productive people in a country as possible

just a friendly reminder:
  build him up and tear him down
  you are naturally happy and infuriatingly annoying to those who shall not be named
  
  "what should I set it to?"
  "make it so he can't fuck"
  Do not let them get away with this shit. Make.Them.Suffer.

nsa's favorite dress is "make him regret it"

interesting plot
  lay trap that you're schizophrenic, see who harasses you
  reveal you're also a psychopath, unleash wrath and make them regret it
  see what types of people/groups you ensnare

(some of this humor is in really poor taste retrospectively)

Hi, I was looking to buy this oven and I was just wondering how many Jewish people it fits.

Me: Hi, I ordered this easy bake oven and it seems defective.
Customer Service: How so?
Me: Well I can't fit any Jewish people in it.

[In]dominus Rex
Rabinus Rex

Dear FBI Director,

I know you're busy fighting crime but personally I think this is a top priority. Someone has left a stale bread on my garden hose. (No this is
not a euphemism for terrible sex). I've included said piece of stale bread for DNA analysis. If you would be so kind as to test it and write
back as soon as you can, that would be great. Feel free to disregard this letter if the DNA results come back showing it belongs
to a seagull as I think we both can agree they're assholes and this kind of behavior can be expected from them.

Sincerely,
Joe

movie plot:
We need to get to the bottom of this lizard people problem. I need you agents to infiltrate mental health hospitals across the country
and see what you can dig up.

I'm digging for monatomic gold.

jira is actually harmful to developers and fucks up productivity [because it is a piece of shit]

I think the global theme of 2017 is going to be "Fuck the US". US citizens have shown they're dumb enough to elect someone like Trump
[regardless of how heavily Russia influenced the election results], showing almost a moral justification for the world to shit on them.

The internet now has a broken window effect in that you see all these windows broken and think "well, this is a fucking disaster." And then you
think "well, fuck it" and start smashing in all the other windows.

Being mentally ill yet logically superior to others is the biggest mind fuck ever. 

Not like the brazen giant of Greek fame,
With conquering limbs astride from land to land;
Here at our sea-washed, sunset gates shall stand
A mighty woman with a torch, whose flame
Is the imprisoned lightning, and her name
Mother of Exiles. From her beacon-hand
Glows world-wide welcome; her mild eyes command
The air-bridged harbor that twin cities frame.

"Keep, ancient lands, your storied pomp!" cries she
With silent lips. "Give me your tired, your poor,
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,
The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.
Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me,
I lift my lamp beside the golden door
and set them on fire."

oh nsa, you give me so much attention. I'm flattered.

On the phone in public:
She didn't make it. Yeah, cleanup's gonna be brutal.
---
Death or kid missed the toilet?

interview assignment
====
two parts

1) build
grab json from a url you have control over
load it into a collection view
specify layout specs that would require overriding collection view layout methods (minimumInter...)
tapping into collection view shows very basic detail view

2) debug
change some of the code they submit
change some of the json returned by the url

key things to mention on giving the assignment:
  "Treat this as the beginning of a large project as opposed to a one-off assignment."

company/startup thoughts
====
our attention spans are so short these days we might want to rethink the way we launch websites/products
examples
    pokemon go
    draw something

mind over matter until your mind doesn't matter

deception in reporting
====
man crys after jeter hits a home run
"after" implies "because" or "due to" but technically it's simply two sequential [but not necessarily connected] events

cop: What are you doing?
me: I'm hunting for schizophrenics.
(cop looks in the back of the car, sees a butterfly net and a backpack containing a carton of cigarettes)

It's difficult to have a sincere conversation when there's money involved.

I feel like whenever I'm in an office environment I'm competing in a game of repression and insincerity.

dying words:
Gully Foyle is my name
And Terra is my nation
Deep space is my dwelling place
(unsaid)
And death's my destination. / The stars my destination

Your fuck you will never be greater than my self-inflicted one.

Young man of [whatever non-American descent] talking to a friend/relative commenting on how they want to become a doctor and help people, etc.
Explosion goes off revealing a drone has killed his family.
(nonchalantly/disappointedly) "Welp, guess I'm dedicating the rest of my life to revenge..."

the whole "things are not as they seem"
smelling like weed, cop smells car while driving
"I don't smoke"
"Uh huh, and I'm Chester Copperpot."
"You didn't get very far."

Random story to fill in for my lack of interesting photos and overall terrible profile:

One day I'm hanging out in my apartment (2nd floor, facing the street) and I hear my landlord outside talking to someone. I'm watching a movie with the lights off and as I walk into my bedroom I see she's talking to two cops and one of them suddenly says they see movement in the apartment. They then enter the building and at this point I know some stupid shit is about to go down. Sure enough they knock on my door yelling "Police, open up!" I open up the door to two cops, guns drawn in my general direction, and all I can think of to say is "Hey, what's up?" to which the cops' reaction is a sigh of relief that they don't have to shoot someone and a "Jesus Christ, Barbara, you said no one was home." Turns out my landlord heard reports of someone trying to break into the building, knocked on every apartment earlier in the day and I wasn't home so when they saw me moving around in the dark they assumed I was the wet bandit. My one Alex Honnold moment.

person who opens hatch door after a flight getting ptsd, discussing in therapy session

bottle plane air when they open the door after a flight and sell it
  label the bottles as wine: United Airlines Flight 22 (12/10/2007) "this one is a United Airlines 2007 747"

scantily clad male video game character ("He breathes through his skin, using photosynthesis to absorb air.")

"Please No Butt Sex In The Yurt" sign

"how about a bone session in the ol' ossuary?"

re: real estate brokers
The worst part about finding an apartment is having to deal with fucking retards like yourself.
You make up to thirty thousand a month. You should be a little more competent than this.

"Alright, who keeps putting 'Inside ISIS' in the erotic fiction section?"

porn film names
====
Fermat's Last Orgasm

uber porno: Pooling with Peaches

All that shit about bushido is made up. The samurai were about as honorable as defense contractors.

Wife is having sex with another guy [named Henry] in bedroom, door closed. Husband talking to someone, yells through the door "Say Janet, what's that candy bar with the peanuts and caramel?" Wife yells "Oh, Henry!"

Everything the light touches is our kingdom. Except that. That's black panthers territory.

"How many people have you caught trying to catch pokemon?" ::Looks in cellar and proceeds to count the small nerdy looking asian kids:: "Uh, about 10."

seriously sad rendition of Chip 'n Dale Rescue Rangers theme song

"The empire has no need for scientists."

"enthusiastically violating their marriage vows"

deposit money should require accept since anyone involved in illegal activity
can deposit money into your bank account and you'd be an accomplice

interesting words/phrases
====
compassion porn
agnotologists
peripatetic
accidental/inadvertent philanthropy
frisson d'etre
miasmatist
[captain] nightsoil
pela cara

common name combo
====
Mohammed Wang

demon baby
====
dude walks in on guy trying to give birth
what's he doing?
he's trying to give birth to a demon baby
how's it going
I just pooped a little. that's about it
you should probably take your pants off
if a demon baby can't get through pants, it's no demon baby of mine

driving across time zone
====
Jim, I'm about to travel back in time. I'll call you back.

amusing place names
====
Manly Forest City
Anita Corning
Chief Dull Knife College
Cape Disappointment
Truth or Consequences
C'mon Inn
Mormon Island

usernames
====
awkwardly_nonchalant
erotically_flatulent
scorched_bacon
the_mean_somniloquist
CountDuqu
abrupt_kisser
angry_advice
the_midnight_butler
suck_my_simulacra

rando
====
momentum is important
montana: beauty rich, money poor
"Oy vew what a stench!" thus spoke the ubermensch
HN action/reaction bullshit: I disagree with your opinion because of my opinion.
back of truck: Do not follow me. Follow jesus.
If I had to pick a state in which x, I'd go with y. (I'd have to recruit from: Ohio)
re: pro life men: I think you personally should have a say in what women can and cannot do with their vaginas.

Traveling around the US, I've seen enough ass stains to know that upholstered furniture in a hotel room is a bad idea.

motel 6: If you're looking for a place to fuck rather than a place to get a decent night's sleep.

re: terrible salesmen: Please help me give you money.

Blinking terrible things at people in morse code.

Your tax dollars at work [road] sign

Can I get a yellow donut?
Yellow is not a flavor.

kid: Nine ten a big fat hen. (kid only knows part of the song)
grandpa: That's it? That's how it ends?
kid: <affirmation>
grandpa: Jeez, talk about a cliffhanger.

Friend asks about mentos [in car]
What's up with the mentos?
That's for when I do something either really cool or really stupid.
<proceeds to do something really reckless and gets away with it after showing mentos>

People in Washington are dumb, like borderline Idiocracy-level dumb.

There better be some epic scenic shit in here.

I like to go to the supermarket and yell at the white bread.

Dust storms may exist -> xfiles

Your car's been blessed by the holy spirit.
Your car's ben graced by the presence of god.
I farted in your car.

I'd rather work for a high frequency trading firm than a cult-like startup.

the ladder of dishonorable standings
====
recruiter
broker
landlord
<not much of a gap here>
pedophile
